Svelte workshops (#2549)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/workshops/progressive-enhancement-with-sveltekit.md

---
title: "Progressive Enhancement with SvelteKit"
tags: "svelte"
format: "Workshop: 1 day"
subtext: "Bookable for teams – on-site or remote"

> description: "<p>Progressive enhancement is a technique for providing a baseline experience in terms of content and functionality to everyone and enhancing that to the optimal experience for everyone that's possible for. That allows, in particular for use cases like e-commerce where every lost visitor is potentially a missed sale, to serve each and everyone of your visitors – as opposed to with a classic SPA where people with a soptty network that doesn't load the JavaScript bundle, would only see a blank page.</p><p>SvelteKit has built-in support for progressive enhancement, yet getting the most out of that requires understanding the underlying principles and applying the right techniques. This workshop gives a comprehensive introduction to building progressive enhanced applications with SvelteKit, covering the theory, as well as guiding participants through implementing real exmaples.</p>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "<p>Progressive enhancement is a technique for providing a baseline experience in terms of content and functionality to everyone and enhancing that to the optimal experience for everyone that's possible for. That allows, in particular for use cases like e-commerce where every lost visitor is potentially a missed sale, to serve each and everyone of your visitors – as opposed to with a classic SPA where people with a spotty network that doesn't load the JavaScript bundle, would only see a blank page.</p><p>SvelteKit has built-in support for progressive enhancement, yet getting the most out of that requires understanding the underlying principles and applying the right techniques. This workshop gives a comprehensive introduction to building progressive enhanced applications with SvelteKit, covering the theory, as well as guiding participants through implementing real examples.</p>"
```

hero:
  color: purple
  image: "/assets/images/workshops/progressive-enhancement-with-sveltekit/lego-superman.jpg"
  imageAlt: "A Lego superman figure with their cape flying in a wind in front of a dramatic orange/pink sky"
og:
  # TODO: fix og-image
  image: /assets/images/workshops/telemetry-for-rust-apis/og-image.jpg
topics:
  - title: Progressive Enhancement
    text: >
      We'll start by looking into what progressive enhancement is and why it's relevant. We'll look at network speeds and typical latency numbers, as well as at JavaScript bundle sizes, and their impact on load times.

  - title: Forms in SvelteKit
    text: >
      One of SvelteKit's main mechanisms for supporting progressive enhancment are forms and form actions that can run in Node on the server side. We'll look at data flows, how forms can be enhanced to be handled on the clients side, and a bit at the underlying magic that makes that process seamless for the developer.

  - title: "Example: Autocomplete"
    text: >

>       We'll build a simple autocomplete component that works with and without JavaScript.

Reviewer: I don't know if we want to oversell it...the example work without JS but it's not what i would properly call Autocomplete.

Author: You called it Autocomplete in thenNotion page ;)

Reviewer: Yeah I'm just referring specifically to the "which work without JS".

Basically what this point is meant to showcase is that if you use an input as a base for the auto complete when JS is disabled it will still work as an input

Author: ah, makes sense
